Add a note the plugin can be installed from the marketplace (#144)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jitsi: README.md

## Installation

> Go to the **Mattermost Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace** to install and configure the Jitsi plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Mattermost, open **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace** to install and configure the Jitsi plugin.
```
